Other friends have similar stories, of how they were treated brusquely by Laurelwood staff, and as often as not, the same names keep coming up. About a half-dozen friends of mine refuse to step foot in there ever again because of it. How many others they’re telling - and keeping away - one can only guess.
3. Winter is the time when all sleeps on some level. It is a time of turning within to make contact with your own innermost being. Winter is the best time to do this and, as a result, get answers for yourself about whatever concerns you. It is also a tremendously creative time, a time for artists of all kinds to turn within and to seek images of forms he or she wishes to produce in whatever medium chosen, so that an image of balance can be presented. Those of you that write, we suggest that you do so to come up with plots and ideas that will speak of balance coming to an imbalanced situation, person, or world. To those of you who, like Priscilla, work with making patterns and designs, we would say remember the images and designs brought about by winter. White will challenge you to see what changes will manifest in the images you produce. We ask that you do this in your own environment.
I recently tried a super fabulous restaurant that you MUST MUST try. I usually don't give restaurant recommendations, so trust me on this one. I decided to go down to South Norwalk and check out The SoNo Baking Company and Cafe that Martha Stewart is always yammering on about on Martha. This tiny hidden jewel was started by John Barricelli, who works for Martha and also hosts Everyday Baking on PBS. It is Fa. Bu. Lous. Seriously, that good. We had lunch and I tried a Cobb Salad that elevated the usual blah salad to a culinary masterpiece. I sat at the counter in front of a huge glass window and watched people roll out chocolate croissants with a vintage roller while I ate. (If you are a big geek, that is a huge thrill.) At one point in the meal, I actually saw John Barricelli through the glass instructing one of the bakers on how to place the chocolate chunks perfectly in the croissant. I considered banging on the glass to blow kisses and get my photo taken with him but I decided I had done that enough recently with both her and her, so I decided to play it cool and just eat my lunch quietly. I also brought home a huge selection of pastries and enjoyed every single one (in the name of research, not gluttony, mind you). John is coming out with a cookbook in early March. You can be a geek like me and pre-order your copy on Amazon today. The cafe is located right near the South Norwalk Aquarium and makes a good drive on a cold winter's day.
And that is where we changed from being social beings amongst each other to digital social addicts.
The product is a milky white liquid that applies like emulsion, not too creamy and thick, but not like water (or jelly) either. After spreading it out on your face, it dries within a few minutes. After which the fun begins! According to the SA, after it dries, you start rubbing it like you’re trying to rub dirt off your face, until you rub off most of it. If required, wash off the remaining with lukewarm water. So I started rubbing and it actually takes quite a bit of effort to rub it all off! It comes off in little bits like you’re rubbing off a layer of your skin.
Last week, he was so worked up about some things that were not actually real. He laid down in his bed and kept going over and over them with me. I told him he just needed to relax, that he didn't need to worry so much. He is being so well cared for. He gave me the silent soul searching steel blue stare, softly grabbed my hand, and said, "I'll always remember you."
That’s why there’s cache. Cache-memory access is almost as fast as register access, but you can have a lot of cache memory—comparatively. L1 caches typically have 32 or 64Kbyte capacities and often there are independent caches for instructions and data. Caches take a huge load off main memory, relieving the pressure to speed up main-memory access.
Earlier this week, the German small business foundation filed a criminal lawsuit against the Bundesbank, accusing the board of disguising the true scale of risk born by German citizens. If they knew all that Geli wants to sign them up for, the entire nation would have a fit of the vapours.
Of course, there’s a moral to this tale ~ a little piece of wisdom that you can apply to your own stay in the transitional zone of Veterans Campus. And that moral is: if you don’t like the roommate you got now, don’t worry. Be happy. You’ll get along just fine, sooner or later, like Davy Crockett & Paragon did ~ Paragon, that poor old rattlesnake with the negative aura so thick around him that it was downright impossible for him to see through it.
The sun which changed to snow over night left residents unprepared with how to get to work and doing there day to day things.
Cake is always a very big party of wedding days, with that being said I've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. Odd, yes but it was a prank the Bride and Groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. I saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the Bestman to "Duck!" he didn't understand and as I ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. The groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. Thankfully he and I are very close friends or I might have been really pissed not only at my bride/bff but at him too. Most weddings I go to I'm too busy dancing, or drinking to care about sweets, so while I was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding - I wasn't really concerned about eating it.
My birthday is July 2nd, and what better gift could I give to myself that to reach this goal that’s nearing two years in the making? So from now until then, I’ll be giving Sunday updates/weekend wrap-ups on my progress called Birthday Gift Goal Updates.
I recently cancelled my cable (for the second time) due to escalating costs and a general disgust at the lack of quality programming. I won’t lie and say I’ve never indulged in reality smut for entertainment. I have caught myself watching Bachelor Pad and no part of me is proud of it. It is the “train-wreck” factor that keeps people paying attention to most of the stuff that passes for good TV.
We were sad to see the last course, but in a way we were so stuffed, we couldn’t have fit anymore. Unlike Kristien, I have a natural hatred of all things cheesecake, so I had a big decision to make during the whole meal. Would I eat the Marscapone Cheesecake that was served with strawberries and basil? At first I wasn’t sure, but just after the amuse bouche I knew that I trusted Chef Arik to give me something that would blow me away. Let me say, this was an amazing dessert. It was not too sweet and just right in terms of creaminess. The little ribbons of basil, too, added nice bursts of flavor to the cake. Mary paired this course with a great Muscat from Rurtherglen that wasn’t overly sweet.
Ok y'all (ja, YOU GUYS, who are out there, reading this. The one's I usually shamefully ignore. The ones I seldom address directly. I'm going to lay this on the line for you ... )
Here is a wide shot of the family room. The front door is on the right side of where I'm standing to shoot this picture and the staircase is to the left.
The connection between the title & the story only surfaces after you are about 80% into the book, leaving me very non-motivated to even read further to find out what the iron tooth is about in the first place. Even when I did find out what the iron tooth is about, & how it helps the story move further, it’s too late, since the author by then had successfully bored me.
I will be announcing the random challenge winner and Amanda's Top 3 and GD choice at the end of this post.
And there came a day, a day unlike any other, when Earth's mightiest heroes found themselves united against a common threat. On that day, the Avengers were born—to fight the foes no single super hero could withstand!
Today, it’s Summer.
My parents have had the same phone number since I was two years old, which means it's been the same number for a very long time.
Excellent hook! I can’t imagine anyone not wanting to read what comes after that. Let’s reel ‘em in with an excerpt … three sentences long! Yep, that’s it. Three!
I got a bit carried away and assumed that a couple of good performances in the Carling Cup augured a fine career. I mean, if that was how well they could play on their debuts then they could only improve from there, right?
So I've made the move across the country - I actually made the move in June, but I wouldn't say that I've really settled in until now. I've got a job, I just moved into a new apartment in Portland, and I really feel like I'm beginning my life out here.
powerful and wise leader. more important than anything, true wisdom is attained by learning from
A wonderful new space with some great food and always great beer! Thank You Alan!
27. Evangelista - In Animal Tongue
D Irene is going full blast right now and we have been without power since sometime during the night. Luckily I am accustomed to blogging on my cellphone. The wind is really howling.
Personally, today has been quite a milestone. After thirteen years working in the same job, I move to another department today. Most importantly I have a first sale from one of my photo – such a great surprise to go home to. Hope your day has been good.
HOLD CARD
Obadiah sat silently for a while, having forgotten his omelette and his coffee. He kept trying to remember more about his arrival in town but his mind did not budge.
(A side note: the three children in my novel were named after the kids me and my girlfriend talked about having. Two years after I wrote this novel, we had my first born, Benjamin–whom this book is dedicated to.)
3) An employee was hosing off the drive thru area and apparently the older man ahead of me didn't want to be in his way. He stopped his car at least 6 feet from the speaker and was at an awkward angle where I doubt his car could be seen on the monitor inside.
- Cross-curricular strategies
Reading in dim light is supposed to be bad for you, which is somewhat evidenced by a surviving bedside lamp and book light industry. If not, you've certainly been told to turn on a light when reading in the near-dark. While reading without sufficient lighting can cause eye
Erik Schurink
She motivates
“Can I tell you something?” I asked him.
Praguer Lager: (***) German malts; sweet and fruity; light; refreshing; dark but clear amber color; crisp.
slightly familiar
You may have been wondering why I have not been so active here on my Blog. Well, I've had a lot going on in my life right now and a few projects as well.
Sam has just begun his search for his bike. Today, Sam went with his dad to check out bikes at two different stores. He is deciding between the Surly Long Haul Trucker and the Specialized Tricross. He will put the order in for the bike by the end of the week, and will have it under his feet soon.
I hope you’re enjoying your weekend! For us it is a four day weekend! Woot Woot!
11/2 tablespoons diced onion
There are several varieties of kelp: true kelp, which thrives in cool seas; giant kelp, and bladder kelp, which grow in the North Pacific. Giant kelp is so named because it grows to 213 ft (65 m). Kelp anchors itself to rocky surfaces via tentacle-like roots. From these roots grows a slender stalk with long, leaf-like blades.
Apparently this is available on a DVD of Frank Tashlin’s THE GLASS BOTTOM BOAT, which is vaguely apt, but it should really be an extra with VERTIGO. Both because of the ways in which Jones’s visuals approach Saul Bass’s (the YouTuber who posted it apparently thinks it’s by Norman McLaren — a fair guess, but WRONG), and in the way the short reverses the sympathies engendered in Hitchcock’s film — a woman trapped and torn and manipulated and molded between two horrible men is replaced by a female manipulator who remodels the men in her life, rejecting the less adaptable model in favour of the one who can literally be bent to her will.
