love chris brown
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
#GET BETTER
Plan on being a DJ (:
Hello new followers!
total white cat move
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
sweet! Let me know what you think. “: can't wait to read Humanize by !”
I need two new tires .
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Whats up twitter world?!?!?!?!
hey as long as you get to celebrate.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
I was gonna watch The River tonight. It's perty skerrryy. Wanna join me?
Mr.Gay! We could be so happy together!
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Whoa one direction is having a arena tour in 2013 yay lol
What up Woo
#FF Back at ya!
The longer user generated content stays up, the better it gets, ie Wikipedia. True/false/both?
really? U just wanted ut cus it looked better with the phone cases then the black one;P haha
From a vision last night, Jesus is coming, His kingdom is so real, seek Jesus! all that matters is to seek Jesus today.
Sometimes I regret what I say other times i'm proud
The industry keeps seeking ways to circumvent the fickle power of pure creativity. But nothing's beat it yet.
his chick is bad tho
i hate parting ways with my blankie in the morning
that makes a ton of sense!
I have a flat tire on my scooter!!
THIS. “: You can dream about it or you can go out and make it happen.”
It's a beautiful day!!
MLS is a joke. Premier league is where its at and real madrid will do ok but won't be the same without Ronaldo
5 Week Technique Class Begins July 27th. Tuesday Evenings 7-10pm @ Actor's Intensive Studio in Los Angeles. www.actorsintensive.com
i miss </3 i would retweet her tweet but it doesn't lemme. :c
Mikey can you say ''Happy Birthday'' to :)
I really hate my life right now! I swear I can't truth any one AT ALL! I'm done. Plus my phone is completly destroyed! O m g
Greenwich. One of my most favorite places on earth. I love walking this area at night during the summer.
Alright, W. Wager. I don't know who you are or how you got on my exam list, but I will take your advice in *Enough Is as Good as a Feast.*
