“: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis”
Wit them sexy ass lips
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Thanks for the retweet!
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
#Well Done 2
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
Cory Booker is on my tv.
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
is doing some work! Check them out.
Being abused
can I set up an interview with you guys?
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
following u
hahah! It's a heart!
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
I love my neighborhood.
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
any sub category suggestions? #sex being the topic?
If love isnt a sport, then why are there so many players.? <\3
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
I mean, Second Mile is funding Sandusky's defense, refusing to turn over internal records on clients and victims. Why is this not a story?
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
I can't sweat it cause I know I'm going to work this out
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
dude i'm freakiing out! idk how to do it onmy own! :'(
Follow my new flick written by !
Stop counting pages and start counting meaningful user experiences?
Microsoft: Google Worried About Bing
Go see it and see for yourself why you shouldn't go see it. - Samuel Goldwyn
nice photo! Glad you were there, it was a great event.
Chilling in the studio! (:
Happy National Pretzel Day! What is your favorite kind of pretzel?
I owe my followers some twitpics
talking to mommy!!!
