Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
lets do this
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. ❤#RelayForLife ❤
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
No you Not!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
you never know!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
wow I have snake bites again
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
ugh i know.......long night Smh
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
what a promising name
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Awww Verizon is making me sick.
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I have a winter coat and flip flops on
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
Look forward,not back.Focus on the future not the past❤
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Chicago Tribune
I can just pick you up there if you want...do you have your phone? It's easier to text you
I'm a very sick child
thanks for the support! Rock on!
#20ThingsAboutMe I have two adopted sisters. I want to be a cosmetologist. I'm actually stronger than I look.
Baseball is already boring. Whats worse is a fantasy baseball draft by analytic non athletic individuals in Las Vegas. Mingling is better.
Sup? Im fuckin dying here outta boredom :/
THANKS HEAVENLY FATHER TO SEE ANOTHER DAY!
Dealing with FMS but loving this spring weather. It puts the spring back to my step & smile on my face. Hope you're doing well
Just at a larege PIZZA PATRON pizza........The latin life!.......enjoy!
RT #LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I'm pregnant and Justin Bieber is the father." ... HAHAHA! Best one.
