I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
Thanks for the RT! :)
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
That song still gives me chills!
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
Yeah :D
And what will you do with your extra day? As an entrepreneur I'm guessing you're still working today?
this one is in the books. GO BUCKS! BEAT CUSE!
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
Thanks to Dr. Billingsley, Dr. Willihnganz, & Dr. Rhodes. A special thank you to our conference planning team!
Just realized my childhood friend/neighbor is dating
hey i was only referencing the fact that I completely humiliated you..and im the baby of the group
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Lol! I knew something was up!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
ITS A GIRL YAYY!!!
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Proud Momma Alert: My 6th grade son won the school-wide (K-8) science fair! Goes to school district regionals this Friday!
Black Friday!
Simple little kind of free
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
Looks like Astros want to be like Larussa & cards!
& Sick dancing last night guys, it was great seeing you guys.
Taxes #DONE =)....phew, wasn't near as bad as I thought!
Ready for Yelper Party!
Loving new Maroon 5! can do no wrong in my eyes! Ps thanks for making a good ol' fashion pop song minus the fist pump beats!
I'm amazed any fans can fit into the building when the Heat play cuz Bron Bron's ego takes up 2/3 of space with D3PO and Bosh filling rest.
say it isn't so, a break from Twitter?! Welcome back. :-)
send me a hard drive I'll hook you up.
Oh we out here for 's birthday..see you soon!! RT : ..now on to shoot for "Who needs miami b*tch!"
Darn! I took UK plus 50.
wow full house theme song used in sarah silverman program
