Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
Thanks Tom.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
haha its the culture B haha
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
yessir you are correct
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
“: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!”
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
Some things are easier said than done.
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
CONGRATS! Plan on directing or being a DP?
im really really really obnoxious.
It's Mom's day so I probably won't be around much today. Kiss your mommy for me! xoxoxo
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
follow me on tumblr bro
Time flies when immersed in building a database. Wheeeee !!!
hey i love you ! you should cme to nyccc <3
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
thanks for forgetting me
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
Ima Go Sleep (:
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
My favorite part of that meeting, is Pres. Bush's fantastic purple socks
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
Does anyone else remember when the best place to watch movie trailers was apple.com?
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
#askObama Ans 7. Promotes Collective Bargaining as the reason for week-ends off, minimum wage. but all have to make adjustments in this econ
my heart is yours ♥
Wishing that you could just win the lottery so you can take all the classes you want and purchase all the supplies you need.
Pronunciation guide for southerners "Bordieu" - if nothing else, try "Bore- doo."
So faded
Kodashii's shoe is on Tadashii's foot! lol
Residual Income for stay at home Moms! Best and first business of it's kind. No risk, not MLM! Give info 4 phone interview 360-217-7967
smoke one put it out. smoke two put it out smoke three and finally ask do u want to hit dis....
i tired to help you out and commented on it lol (:
until u expand the photo
and he went to Inglewood in 06
