"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
- Sounds good bro
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
sounds like a mad and crazy scientist to me. Hope the nurse is okay.
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
When asked me if my sister was buff like me, I was like Lmao!!! no we just look alike I guess lol
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
Fuck this sun!
Try the eggplant fries too.
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
why? You want to still be friend?
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
You know me all to well.
hey whats up?
ATT:: All #DBHH Followers, Make sure to follow #AMERICANALIENEP Dropping soon
Act like a gentleman and you'll attract a lady. Act like douchebag and you'll attract nobody.
Just heard about a vegan restaurant in Charlotte. Dairy and egg free kitchen, with a food allergy conscious staff? Don't mind if I do!!!!
The downfall of us all #adaytoremember (:
Really inspired by the books(reading K2 now). Heading to Everest BC in April. Any chance you will be up there? Eric
Thanks Colin. Stoked for the fight tonight. Who do you have?
High Fuel Costs Having Consumers Looking to Buy More Fuel Efficient Vehicles - MarketWatch (press release)
Rmd just said I'm the cleanest bum he's ever seen LOL
Apparently sleep is so over-rated that my body doesn't think I need to bother with it...
Thanks, Madame Leader. You illuminated the issues. We need your voice more than ever.
about to be live on livestream interview. Check out our next Lt. Gov!
