Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
“: be quiet poo balls.” I'm writing this on my wall
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
That’s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
Keep moving, and get out of the way
me, too!
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
okay good. lol have fun! xx
yeah.. So far i know 's staff , MLM, maybe and co are coming.
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
Back in LA after long drive from Vancouver...Check out the Dancing Ninja on IMDB, WE HAD FUN SHOOTING IT
RT: ladies, showin a great amount of skin when u dress up isnt the way to find Prince Charming.He likes his gifts wrapped
Talking to him>>>>
Tina Moore and the Just Us Trio tonight at 9:30. All ages, no cover - nothing but great music!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Obama rocks!
One aims to achieve complete self-forgetfulness, while at the same time developing complete “mindfulness” of the character....
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
I'm so sleepy and I gotta get this school thing going... :/
I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days...
I am today...not tomorrow though.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU! SHES A HUGE 1D FAN! AND AMAZING AT SINGING! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
Let's go to da' beach this summer sister!! Family vaca? I think so(:
it's not just him. the team can pull it off!
lol that counts:)
Oh, by all means! Yes, ma'am!
#NFL schedules are out after draft?
Cinco de mayo is almost here !
