The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
out of twitter jail i see.
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
I love you brianana
Daddy got a new truck(:
he's next to go bro
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
« I want a large cherry berry chiller .»
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awww you thought Brown was going to say something
can I breath?
not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
Sing a song of living before everybody dies.
RT : Life without music: flat ·
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Are you aware of any news organizations that will be livestreaming the Celebration of Life for Jr. Seau on May 11?
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Make your bucket list now it's the end of the world as we know it. Only 11 months and 21 days. happy new year!
that pic was actually from Denver
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
If you let words hurt you, you a lil (b word). Use those words to make you stronger.
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
total "duh"
I dont regret a second i spent with you.<3
Hey #TT, I need tips/a web-site for finding last minute international travel when you don't really care exactly you go. Help!
Btw, and I will be out there for WWDC. Beer?
I'm wary of inventing new terms in general, but how about "data translators"? Thoughts, anyone?
I'm just tired of us stupid poor folk (that would be you, the GOP) continuously voting for these cronies.
120+ pictures and counting!
making it difficult for me to deal with you makes it easier for me not to want to
“: Idkk about hving his restroom party lmao” I would let you in but they are "standing room only" events
What a shame we all became such fragile, broken things.
how is that possible lol
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
I'm craving Chickfla sauce and their fries.
Did anyone have a look at the video , did you guys like it
Smiles are like band-aids they cover up the pain but it still hurts.
lmfao!!!!! You outta control #Bestie!! I got a dinner/movie date for Friday nite:-) you know ill tell u all about it.
Why hello LONGEST DAY EVER. I'd like to be done with you now.
