Tommorows the day...
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
we're apart at a ray
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
I wuvvvv you
The retina is the film of the eye. It converts light rays into electrical signals and sends them to the brain through the optic nerve.
no, it's a marker!
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
So, how is the ride going so far?
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers.
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
Marketing a product similar to others? Research their successful strategies but don’t copy! Once you know what works test new strategies.
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
when and where is your next show?
BFAR 10 to hold investment forum on mariculture park project in MisOcc - Philippine Information Agency
six million dollar man
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Go back to India
for avoiding me
where is out here in fl? and hit me up when i come to town well do a throw back swisha for back in the day
Turns out, Charlie Sheen's insanity was just a REALLY early April fools day joke. Looks like we're the fools after all...
Most people don't really decide what to do with their lives so much as just fall into an occupation and continue doing it to earn money.
I wanna do something wild.
Spam tweets are the devil ... Or as Gloria from "Modern Family" would say ... El diablo
Good Morning, If you could as God one question? What would it be? ask yourself today. Then ask yourself what is God asking me today?
but I just ask
#wheninrva is so three days ago
