This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
so? It's not the same.
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Can I get a refill?
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
I knew something was going to go wrong
Follow the crew members
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
thanks for following. What caught ur interest in my profile? Your music site sounds promising.
Streeter on drop in draft: “I’m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn’t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
haha!!been up since 4:30 with the birds chirping outside. Lol!!!
“Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.“~Barbra Streisand
wow. That exam was bs.
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
holy shit ya someone DMd me some pics and crazy shit u I had a feeling u didn't send it
MONEY IS ALL I KNOW
In 3 weeks I'll be done with College..... I'm really thinking about leaving Chicago.
Actually I laughed at loud at yours. RT : My bad. “: I don't trust anyone who uses more than 2 hashtags.
RT “: Twice, Butler has been outexecuted on inbounds plays. One of the angriest timeouts you'll see from Brad Stevens."
Looking back, i really didn't even like you before like november of 2011...
has recommended that someone move to Vienna, Virginia. What has come over him?test ifttt
Cautionary tale: She went to Central America for 2 mos w tons of books on her Kindle. Kindle not working.
