I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
Fallout from the original, actually
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight 💤
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
Congratulations Cheryl - great leadership insight "I have to know you to grow you". Thank you!
ugh okay?
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work..
Tweefer beef going on PLUR is what we live by Peace Love Unity and Respect.
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
Love, love will keep us together....*breaks record* FUCKING LIES! IF IT WAS TRUE MARIO WOULD BEG ME TO RETURN!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
This is how dedicated to Joss Whedon I am: Cabin in the Woods will be my first in-theater scary movie since Blair Witch. Seriously.
Santorum pulled out leaving his mark on the back end of the republican side of the race
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
Oh, I like that process! Naturally allows for more focus by students on each type. Also love the "TARGET" idea fr earlier tweet.
It's thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when you're away when I am missing you to death
yeah I have a problem....
no problem!
I dont care im still real
Chocolate chip chickpea pie underway! I can hardly even taste the chickpeas this time.
did you get the information you needed to order a card? I can get you one today?
Talk to me, world!
Fall out boy playing at work? Shit just got angsty
5 Digital Tools That Make Shopping Easier
