So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
watch your mailbox! : )
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
I'm taking Adam! :-)
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
this conference is rockin'
who is your favorite tv mom?
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
you are gorgeous, em!
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Be the light in the world of darkness
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
it's my fault I'm sorry
I need to see so many movies.
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
UK sucks. UofL all day
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
Vacay can't come soon enough.....ugh
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
how many ppl in it ?
u got a service pack?
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
Internet Cultural Network: PBS: Jazz - Risk directed by Ken Burns
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How was that not too many men?!
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
I bet if you were here in Miami / Lauderdale u would like a bad chick would. In my Rkelly tone ....lmfao send me something nice.
Yes , so glad I made it!
im willing to pay:)
have u entered the twitterverse??
I just ate
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
QA - Algorythmic vs aesthetic dataviz: equally subjective? Both predicated on statistics, q of objects vs patterns
Soccer on ice? That's probably the only way you'd get me to watch it! I'm a 100% hockey fan :-)
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
or can u help me get more followers? It would ne awesome :)
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
+ scaling + juice boxes = huzzah!
Whoah what?! Sorry that was just odd cause I never see anyone with their name spelled like mine...0.0
who doesn't want to get to the juicy bits and all that bondage and sex! Don't we all wish we were Anastasia!
Does any one Please help My friend frank.!! He needs gay people in his msn: Thanks <3
Missing the Minnesota Twins this week? We've got the perfect solution for you: grab Twins tickets for Monday's game against the Red Sox!...
" She chose fire "
Bitch I'm high of life
What do you call a grasshopper with no legs ?A grasshover !
go to the rio hotel on the beach
