When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Sing it!
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
its sounds good
at six flags.
« im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.» THIS!.
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
dont break my butt
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
YES girl -_____- pathetic
Holy fucking traffic.
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
not yet, im coming back tomorrow night :)) my brother is coming home in an hour so i'm baking him a cake :))
I hate missing school
So much for trying to sleep early.
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
Funny presentation for Colin Firth since he probably hates Margaret Thatcher just like every other Brit.
Fuck these dumb ass trays
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
RNWK down 7.5% on news of my departure (perhaps slightly influenced by earnings release).
I'm up even though I know my body is gonna feel the lack of sleep I should be getting later.
Viva la Tampa!
happy ST. Patty's day everyone!
that was my fav one
Howlin circus makin waves. So stoked !
19 more days.
The best wwe superstar of all time
Due to an officer involved shooting at the San Ysidro Port of Entry, northbound ped crossing is temporarily suspended.
Maybe cuz it's near midnight. Everybody went home. That's why things are sucky lol Wow is it really that late? I have an assignment due
DIRECT MESSAGE !
