First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
made my list for top 99 women.
got a good one?
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Not much, Ben - how's you?
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
Why you actin like that towards me now
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
I love my momma :)
The panna cotta is a must make!
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? 😳
I love talking to this kidd
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
aw. Okay
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can’t accept your imperfections, that’s their fault.
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
I never thought sleeping in would mean waking up at 9:30
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
Stupid bitches <<<<
okay 😊 we found a lot on the beach
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
I think there was a bit of mystification about the material facts of making, which is (I agree) odd considering what CP is.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha RT : Can you still experiment in your thirty's?
Undersea cable bill gets 1 last chance in Senate
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
Cyberdating in China: Woman w/ duck's egg face seeks handsome devil, not from Wuhan, no Virgos. Illuminating piece on "#romance by
I figured you'd get a kick out of it lmfao
An ex is an ex-ample of what you shouldn't do again!!!!
painful but I bet you laughed! Paul has quite the gift of wit.
Biebet wtf? What would Usher say?
Sunburn Myths Stripped Bare: Darker skin doesn't fry, so feel free to bag on the sunscreen. Not so fast...
so funny!!
Girl ur so clean without a scratch does it make your heart go fast when these wild boys put in work Im a live wire writhing in the dirt.
Hey gang - before this wraps up, are there other HR related tweet chats that I should know about? Ones you could recommend?
DON'T LET HER!
You can withstand surgery with hypnosis and no anesthesia! @
I wonder what actually thinks about all the trending topics about them. Shirtless Niall #replace1Dsongswithlouisass seriously
(And then that friend comes back for a rematch right?)
