i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
Yes they can :)
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
im following u so u cant welch lol
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Late night last night.
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
One day.... :) “: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha”
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
New York City was shweeeet
knew that oddly
this weather is horrible
oh yeah we don't want that :/ lol
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Some of our friends R pathological liars & snakes we could smell venom on their breath and their words are phonier then cubic zirconias
And to those making my world a better place. Happy #FF @ @ @
A girl came in and handed me an application....
i make money money make money money ayy
It was indeed!
Ready to go -____-
why the :(
what do u be doing down there ?
Gonna mob either Irish or Madonna, hit me up if u wonna get ur fitness on
I think a lot of people, readers included, appreciate the people who only blog when they have something worthwhile
Sorry for the alt reply, but we are thrilled with how it went down. Happy enough to do it again next year. :)
get it gurlll!
YEAH JERSEY SHORE YEAH...yes that is tweet-worthy
Nice outfit Batman! Where's the rubber suit to accentuate your chest (like the movie)? Haha
Just a little love tap.
getting new music for this weekend! #pow then out to have a few dranks!!!!
At times, silence can connect you with people more than words can.
I just saw that press clip of Mila Kunis speaking Russian. Why is the thought of her not knowing any English more attractive to me?
If you get upset over people who unfollow you, maybe you should take every unfollow as saving a life from the stupidity you spew.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Watch TWIST Live and our CEO, ask for advice from and
