How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
I will <3
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
Snap backs and tattoos
So what do you do in OKC?
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
“: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.”
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Need to vacuum
I'll go without before i beg for something...
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
Hahaha! I'm sure he'd indulge you :). For some reason I'd love to also hear Tim Burton's opinion about Inception... :P
We need YOU to become a part of something big- a rally for Clean Water. Wed, March 28th, 9–11am RSVP: .
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
Jam lose 109-90 and have been eliminated from the playoffs
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
I know, right? I really liked Rachel's English accent... :-)
for my birthday I would like you to answer all my phone calls with the Rachael Bowen hey for 365 days.
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
Our marriage functions through Twitter. It's the only way we can be sure we're reaching one another.
In Cabo enjoying the sun, sand and surf! Went to #SammysBirthdayBash last night at the #CaboWabo and survived the craziness!
ur eyes,ur eyes, I can see in ur eyes, ur eyes, u make me wanna die, I'll never b good enough,&everything you love will burn up in the light
I am so crazy about all the characters in that book! I slowed down to a snail's pace at the end bc I was so sad to finish it. Enjoy!
He is so dumb he can't fart and chew gum at the same time. ~ Lyndon Johnson about Gerald Ford
thanks homie i appriciate it. that 80barz and Lawless are the most like how i spit. the Bodie Bag is the most recent.
We hear the game vs. the Red Sox wil be 9 innings this year, and not 7. That's what Bobby V is saying! , too!
lol the people I know are all good looking! My brother in law being one of them!
The one good thing about Isagenix and not sleeping at night is that, I was able to work 13 nights of 12 hour shifts straight.
Thanks for the retweet!
2 hrs until this week's grown up talk radio. Still time to send in your ideas for tonight's show:
Boo. I accidentally threw away my list of story ideas for next semester!!
