I'm doing it!👦
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
you're welcome(:
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
cant wait till
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
Sitting in the doctors office 😖😰💔💔
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Sleep with one eye open.
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Guys.. make me upset.
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
screw everyone and come to Baylor
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
Life is GREAT!
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
ha! That's hilarious.
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
FAC can't advise if FAC isn't informed.
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
I hate biology.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
nah don't say that...you gotta come to Vegas first lol jk.....it'll prolly be Bobby Brown tho lmao lemme stop
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
Effin birds did a number on my car this morning... Bout to wash that ish😒
Watching Sherry Shepherd with Prince was hilarious ... we true Prince fans know what she was feeling in that moment.
With the 24th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Pittsburgh Steelers select...A Pinecone.
sore. tired. going to sleep :D
Sucker Punch cost $82M to make & grossed $19M last weekend. Diary Of Wimpy Kid 2 cost $21M to make & grossed $23.8M last weekend! Go Wimpy!
rumors abounding that Daniel Day-Lewis is going to play General Zod...hopefully it's true!
Mid-Penn on Mid-Penn.
well shit I'm glad I didn't! Jokes on you mothafuckka. :p
So sad to hear of passing of Junior Seau. One of most feared linebackers ever! Thoughts & prayers to his entire fam!
What measuring stick do you use to gauge the success of your projects? Any guidelines or standards you've found useful?
