we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.♥ :) xx
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
Time for lunch!
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
me too
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
Who has the bigger stick?
Is that a rhetorical question?
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
Is everyone Getting Along??
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
#FF to for a fantastic #OpenAccess #OA meeting of the minds this week.
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
you program drums to homie???
Congrats and best of luck on your new restaurant!
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
speech-language pathologist by education limited PR/marketing knowledge. Any must read book recommendations?
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
true, true. I need good treatment then! The hell
#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
9am on the dot? Sir you're late!
RT if u like valentine's day
Enjoyed my evening...
Awesome. Thanks! I would love more infomation.
": Don't Be A Pussy, Eat The Pussy ;)"
#edutweet what are the best educational uses for twitter? Live staff dev using book Digital Tools for Teaching
Ok, not doing the #oscars, watching #anniehall instead! :)
No Derrick Rose and no Dwight Howard=Heat eastern conference championship
Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life. -Pablo Picasso
as of right now at this sec pass me by!
