Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
ford focus hatchback?
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Tonight should be fun ;)
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
Brandon don't joke like that
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
She said put a candle on my back baby blow it. I'll blow dat back out aaiight
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
10 Tablas Creek Vermentino. Delightfully true to type. Sweet tart balanced. Crisp, bit spritzy, green apple, pear, citrus 89 pts
#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH.
Back in the NINES office, catching up on everything...
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Cool--good luck!
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
You are very welcome!! Thank you as well!
Idc I can't sleep so someone bout to be up wit me dammit *pouts*
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
I'm proud of myself :)
I absolutely love that song!
ready for georgetown
It's Sunday already? :(
For the record, I came in the top 20%. There is still a tiny chance I'll win if they don't find someone in the top 100.
Hahahahahaha so close I did this one.... 💑
i seriously want it to be Saturday already
that's great! I know u r.
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
Catching up on #americanidol and man my predictions are spot on! New judge next season? Give me a call. . . Lol
It was nice coming home from work and see the standings flags flying at Wrigley - Phillies in the basement! Let's go
haha! He is really adapting the American way?! Liam stick with the British. Keep it that way.
I'm trying to get off early today...what time do u get off work?
Watch #GreatDaySA today and see what makes a 18 year old ride his bike 30,000 miles across 2 continents to break 5 world records!
SRSLY THO. I die every single time I watch this show.
It's a beautiful day & the Sidewalk Sale is up. Great savings of 30-40% on an amazing selection of books, holiday cards, & napkins.
I know this great Bass Player ;)
Merriest of Christmases Tweets! Enjoy every minute of it!
67% of US wholesalers surveyed are more optimistic on their business now than three months ago, highest % in over a year. Via UBS Survey
