Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
I'm at little league majors try outs in
experience of a life time!
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Send details and I can post.
ha nah that aint me
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
Going to bed, Night <3
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks – but competition is at the heart of innovation.
I know that. But others don't.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
I likee both of them ;o
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
"I'll just have the salad"
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
Harvey's intro is total doom & gloom so far. I suspect he will acknowledge some? positive expressions of urban social movements
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
Juiced lemons. Simmered w simple syrup n rosemary. Freezing it and flaking w a fork every hour. Adding to champagne bar on Easter.
I'm bored at home.
i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(
just wanted to be the first say welcome to New York.. Can't wait to see you on Saturday. <3 bri
Then you clearly didn't read my AWP online diary posts.
Beautiful weather this morning. Screw the jacket.
event at the Roux House on Thursday! Get your teams and wine ready.
i think hes just been there so long they dont care. I first heard that in the late 90's when interned at local FOX station
The movie was cool last night but what's with these kids not saying excuse me. They just look at you and keep on gettin up. #Grateful TY Mom
Sony CEO Rolf Schmidt-Holtz said today that pursuit of the UK's EMI, the label owning the music of The Beatles, was not out of the question.
Taught VizRhet? Which do u prefer and Y: Picturing Texts or Reading Images? I've used RI, but tough 4 undergrads.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!40
#retweetthisif if you hate work
